[Music]
we'll be back tomorrow night if they do
happen to call the police and I'm your
closet okay okay in the neighborhood and
now with a secret awesome kind
there's don't be going out of that house
this is why nobody will sit next to us
at lunch you know executive producers
Robert Zemeckis and Steven Spielberg
oh no no one will listen are you guys
mentally challenged if you are I'm
certified to teach you baseball
when you run the read now wrapping and
pulsing it will be later it's up to them
to save the neighborhood we have to
fight that whoa whoa yeah I don't want
to go inside a monster I think worth a
shot yes I agree let's do it get ready
to cross over
why are you weirdos up - oh nothing
other side of the street now if you're
trying to eat no more mountain goat
cheese and that's the tongue and that
was gonna be uvula oh it's a guru house
[Music]
don't make a move
three three whatever you do don't go on
the law
I look back Monster House house
directed by gil kenan
you